[lightly gasping]
[grunting]
Well? Explain
yourself. Go on.
Boruto Uzumaki has
used a Scientific
Ninja Tool... which
is prohibited in the
Chunin Exams.
It defeats the Exams'
purpose of showing
your true strength.
Lee, Boruto Uzumaki
is disqualified.
We'll have to figure
out how to revise the
results...
Boruto Uzumaki has
been disqualified for
using an illegal
ninja tool!
[crowd roaring]
You're no longer a
ninja either.
What've I...
[gasping]
[chuckling]
It seems I've
finally found you.
Hey, look! What is
that up there?!
Get behind me, now.
Stay put.
So that man is one of
them, as well, huh?
Wh- What are they?
[gasping]
Impossible!
Those eyes...!
Byakugan?!
So, it's you... Are
you related to Kaguya
Otsutsuki?!
Hm. There are too
many vulgar creatures
in the way right now.
Shall we cleanse the
area first?
Perhaps so.
All right, who are
you?!
I'm using this arena
to show off my
invention--
No, stop!
[grunting]
[panicking]
shocked
What is this?! Who
are they?!
W-What's happening?!
What's happening?
The Chunin Exams are
totally ruined!
[screaming]
It's collapsing! Run!
Wait, those two...
it can't be!
[yelling]
[screaming]
Lord Sixth, what will
happen with the
Chunin Exams?
This is no time to
worry about the
Exams!
Hurry up and
evacuate everyone!
[screaming and panicking]
This is...
L-Lord Kazekage!
Quick, get out of
here!
[exhaling]
What's going on?
Father!
What is this?
[gasping]
[people yelling]
Shinki!
Uh?
Don't misjudge your
battle strength.
You're no match for
this enemy.
Prioritize evacuating
everyone.
Yes, Father.
[screaming and panicking]
Denki, where to next?
The southern exit
collapsed. No one can
get out that way!
Okay, leave it to me!
Metal, you need to go
to the central
stairway!
Got it!
[yelling and screaming]
[gasping]
What is that?!
[growling]
Whoa! Dad?!
Don't touch my
daughter. Or you want
me to shorten that
horn some more?
I think I'll silence
that smart mouth of
yours forever!
[grunting]
[chuckling]
Seriously, just
what the hell is
going on here?!
It's too dangerous!
Go on! Go with
the others!
Get out of here!
[gasping]
[people yelling]
[grunting]
[groaning]
Stop!
Lightning Style--!
My chakra--!
Okay...!
Fire Style Bullet:
Homura!
He absorbed it?!
Water Style Bullet:
Orca!
Lightning Style
Bullet: Ibuki!
[grunting]
How vexing. You've
soiled my cloak.
[grunting]
Oh, come on.
[whimpering]
It looks like it's
safe now. Hurry up
and go.
Uh-huh.
[whimpering]
[grunting]
Boruto...!
If I use this power
in front of everyone,
then I won't be
able to stay here.
But, then, at
this point...
It doesn't really
matter anyway.
Boruto, if it's
for you...
[grunting]
[struggling]
I've never seen
chakra used like
that before.
[chuckling]
Otsutsuki!
That is a dangerous
power. And so, I
won't let you use it.
[groaning]
Boruto...
Wow, this is amazing!
The techniques we
have don't possess
this kind of power...
[chuckling]
You creatures...
... are quite amusing,
you know that?
[humming]
Uh?
[gasping]
Oh, so it's you
again, is it?
It seems that you're
good at surprising
people, but not very
good at being taken
by surprise.
Big words coming
from you!
[nervous grunting]
[trembling]
Are you done?
You won't escape.
[grunting]
Hm. Both of you
with your children...
Ridiculous.
Uh?
Hmm.
[grunting]
That was too close!
We won't let you do
whatever you want!
Boruto! Are
you all right?
Yeah. Glad you're
safe.
How trivial.
He absorbed that?!
Kinshiki.
Right!
They're the ones,
Naruto.
That scroll of
Kaguya's had an entry
about their arrival.
So they're the guys
she created the White
Zetsu to prepare for?
Yeah. Their objective
is the Chakra Fruit.
They want the Tailed
Beast Chakra in you.
They want Kurama.
Hmm?
Heh. You know
that much, do you?
I am Momoshiki
Otsutsuki.
I belong to the same
clan as Kaguya.
And I am his
guardian,... Kinshiki
Otsutsuki.
Just what do
you want here?!
Why, you, of course!
You're the one who
has the strongest
chakra in this entire
seedbed.
If we harvest it from
you, we can replant
the Divine Tree.
[grunting]
The Divine
Tree?!
Yes, of course. Our
mission is to restart
Kaguya's work, and
to do so, we're
going to collect the
chakra scattered from
the Chakra Fruit and
revive the Divine
Tree!
The Divine Tree. That
legendary tree that
was the source of
power for Kaguya
Otsutsuki,
the founder of
all shinobi.
Kaguya got the Chakra
Fruit from the Divine
Tree and created shinobi.
But then that tree
was lost for all
eternity.
Or so I've heard...
That's right. And
what do you hope to
do by resurrecting
that legend,
Otsutsuki?
Well, isn't it
obvious? We shall
create pills from all
the chakra that we
gather.
As long as we have
the pills... we
remain young,
immortal, and
invincible!
So, it's kinda like
medicine, then.
You catch on quickly.
Well, then, you
understand just how
remarkable these are.
As long as we have
these pills we're
able to acquire true
power instantly, with
no effort whatsoever!
You mean... you're
just cowards who rely
on doping?!
You're only using
tools and drugs as
a crutch!
That isn't
true power at all!
How is he able to see
right through our
attacks so easily?!
[chuckling] I
already know...
...you're currently
busy using your
weapon, your sand, for
search and rescue
efforts, and as for
you, you left your
real weapon
at home.
So what's your point?
Investigation's my
specialty. If you
were at full
strength... then that
would be another
matter.
But as you are now...
You see? That happens
when you don't have
enough sand!
Uh!
I won't fall for the
same trick twice!
[grunting]
Now it's my turn!
Ha!
That's the
Kazekage's!
[grunting]
You see? Your real
weapon wouldn't have
broken, but with that
pathetic sword you
have now...
He has underestimated
us.
Yeah...
What is this, now...?
You consider power as
a mere tool. You
wouldn't understand
with your borrowed
weapons.
It's about strength
that's been honed
through extensive
training and effort,
and it's always dependable,
at any time.
Oh? Then I guess
that I'll just have
to teach you that
your assumptions are
completely incorrect!
Did you just say
that it's not real
power?
Hmph. You truly
are vulgar creatures.
Nothing more than
fodder for us
Otsutsuki.
Come, Kinshiki!
Sir.
[swallowing]
I'll rearrange this
seedbed and make it
beautiful despite
these annoyances.
And there's no better
time than now.
[gasping]
All the jutsu he
absorbed from me!
Takami Musubinokami!
This allows me to
amplify all of the
jutsu I've absorbed
for a counterattack.
[lightly gasping]
[grunting]
Boruto!
It's all my fault.
That's why--
I gotta--
It's meaningless.
Hmm?
The Hidden Leaf
Village is my home!
Everyone here's
my family!
I won't let you do
this to us!
[people panicking]
Lord Seventh!
No way. So much
power!
Whoa, what is all of
this?
I didn't know Dad had
this kind of power!
[grunting]
Have this!
And this!
[grunting]
Use my chakra, too!
If you go down, then
it's gonna be all
over anyway.
Thank you.
[laughing]
Just how long can you
hold out, huh?!
[grunting]
Boy, you're so
stubborn, you know
that?
[yelling]
And you're so na ïve!
[screaming]
[grunting]
That was the jutsu
that I took off of that
boy from earlier.
Uh!
I can see through
your moves!
Your jutsu won't work
on me anymore!
Didn't I already say
that you're naive?
Are you at your wit's
end yet?
Why don't I just end
this right now,
then?!
Ameno
Subaruboshinomikoto!
[grunting]
Can you guess why I
dug into the earth
with my sand?
What's this?? An
underground reservoir
of water?!
I know that you can
see through all our
moves with your
Byakugan.
So I turned what
seemed like a
meaningless act into
a saturation attack.
Water Style: Giant
Vortex Jutsu!
[struggling]
Seems you're the
na ïve one now.
[struggling]
He got away.
I'll admit... that
was a regrettable
mistake.
But no matter. It
bought us some time.
I believe my
superiors are about
to finish up...
So I shall take my
leave of you, now.
The Rinnegan, huh?
Lord Kazekage, look!
What is that?! What's
happening? Let's go!
Yes!
[laughing]
[grunting]
I'm amazed that you
endured this long!
[laughing]
After this,
it's over!
But, you must not
die, Fox.
Sasuke...
...take care of the
kids.
Understood.
Dad, what are you-?!
Let's do it, Kurama!
You'd better not be
out of shape now!
Ha! Don't be foolish!
I'm always ready to
go!
Right!
[yelling]
[yelling and roaring]
[growling]
[roaring]
Wait, why isn't Dad
attacking?
Naruto could easily
obliterate that thing
if he wanted to.
But it would take out
everything around him
in the process.
[lightly gasping]
To protect
everyone...
This is... Dad's
chakra.
No, Lord Seventh,
don't!
Lord Hokage, please!
[worried chatting]
Lord Seventh!
You've done enough!
Please get to safety!
[worried chatting]
[panicking]
Dad, no!
You were stripped of
your headband, and on
top of that, your
father's gone. It's
just like how Naruto
used to be back then.
So, my Dad...
Can you tell me what
he would've done?
It seems it's not just
his weaknesses you're
interested in now.
But, I'm...
You're actually quite
a strong shinobi.
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
Sasuke's Secret
Weapon
If you put your mind
to it, you might be
able to surpass him.